This trip was a total mess. 3 of my friends and I had planned to drive from our home town in Kansas to Breckenridge, CO to ski for a few days over the winter break of 2024. In theory, the trip was thoroughly thought out and well planned. However, a few days before we started getting notices for a major ice storm that was going to occur the morning we left. 

Of course, in our infinite wisdom, we figured that if we just left early enough in the morning we could beat out the storm and make it there right on time. Naturally this was not the case.

About 2 to 2.5 hours into the drive, things started getting quite hairy. The ice rain was coming down much sooner and in much thicker layers than anticipated. We soon started seeing semi-trucks and cars flipped in ditches and that is about the point where my buddy who took first driving shift passed the reigns over to me. 

When I began driving, I decided to stick behind a salt truck that had passed us as we worked our way down the highway at 15 mph. Soon, though, the ice truck began slippling off the road and I thought 'if the car meant to help other cars can't make it, I probably cant either', and pulled off the road behind it.

We had been sitting on the side of the highway for around 10 minutes deliberating on how we should proceed when my friend saw a fleet of Penske creeping up behind us and said, and I quote; "How funny would it be if that moving truck hit us right now."

Suprise suprise, it did. And to add further insult to injury, we had decided to take my dads car on this car for comfortability's sake. 

Luckily, the car still functioned, but, at this point we knew there was no possibility of making progress backwards or forwards for the moment so we pulled off on an exit about half a mile up the road in Junction City, KS. It was here, at a Motel 6, that we spent 4 days waiting for the snow to be cleared, subsiting off of the provided daily breakfast of canned biscuits and gravy, and some supplies we brought. Fortunately, we were on the way to go skiing so we managed to make the 2 mile walk (which is no joke in 2-2.5 ft of snow) to the nearest Walmart to procure some essentials. 

When the snow was finally cleared and after a thorough inspection of the damage to the car by my dad over facetime, we chose to trudge onwards to Colorado - where, ultimately, we had a very good time. 
